Just ridiculous
You said Ye Rulong
He is just a second son of my Ye family
According to the rules of the Ye family, it should be inherited by the eldest son
Ye Tianci is the real inheritance of my Ye family
And Sugar Treasure's richest man is here.
How can you still trust others?
I think it's you who is ridiculous
I have known Ye Rulong for a long time
You said I believed him
Or believe you?
And you Ye Tianci
Even if you hit me in front of such an accurate face
You hit Ruoxi
It's really a grudge against Mi En
You are so vengeful
Are you a fucking human being?
I am vengeful
I am not human
Then you can ask them the Chu family
You don't treat me as a human being
As long as I have a little bit of human rights
My own flesh and blood
Will you suffer inhuman torture in the Chu family?
Ye Tianci, shut up for me
What happened when I hit you?
You've been resigned for so many years
meticulously planned
You've been waiting for this day
But I'm so sorry.
Your abacus failed
You are so fickle
Heard a little rumor
Immediately changed his face again
The heir to the supper is coming soon
The first person to die is you
I'll see if you can still get hard
Even if Tianwang Lao Tzu comes
It's useless to say more
If you have the guts, let Ye Rulong roll over and confront him face to face
Let's see if he dares
How dare you?